README.md, before:

FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS
====================
**Client Version: 10.37**

Try to make the perfect open real tibia server based on The Forgotten Server 1.0, by Mark Samman!
[Here](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) you can find the source code and also some tutorials on compiling.

You can download TFS 1.0 Windows Binaries from [here](http://nightlies.otland.net).

To login you can use OTClient by Edubart! Find it [here](https://github.com/edubart/otclient)!

To edit the map you can use the map editor from [here](https://github.com/hjnilsson/rme), [here](https://github.com/decltype/forgottenmapeditor) or from [here](http://otland.net/threads/10-35-remeres-map-editor.211040/)(This one is already compiled).

You can use [the forum](http://otland.net/threads/best-released-real-map-10-31-based-1-0.204514/) to discuss and report bugs.

If you need support you can post your questions in the issues area or [here](http://otland.net/forums/support.16/). Dont forget to post in good, understandable English. Feel free to use a [translator](http://translate.google.com/) if you need help.

To contribute in code to this project, [create a pull request](http://otland.net/threads/contributing-to-someones-repository-create-a-pull-request-on-github.210627/).

**If you want to edit the map, here some rules to report your status:**
- Report your status here [Map Edit Status](https://github.com/PrinterLUA/FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS/issues/447).
- Post a Checkbox |- [X] Working now on map| which you can click when you want work on it.
- Check if another user already has an X in his controllbox.
- If nobody has one, you can check your box and start editing the map.
- If you finish your map edit, create a pull request with changelog(coords with changes) and uncheck your box.

**If you want to contribute by sending pull request, here are some tips.
Try to use metatables in your script. Ex.**
```lua
function metaExample(cid)
	local player = Player(cid)
	if player ~= nil then
		player:addItem(2160, 5)
		player:sendTextMessage(MESSAGE_STATUS_CONSOLE_BLUE, "Here is some cash.")
	end
end
```
**How non meta looks like:**
```lua
function nonMetaExample(cid)
	if isPlayer(cid) then
		doPlayerAddItem(cid, 2160, 5)
		doPlayerSendTextMessage(cid, MESSAGE_STATUS_CONSOLE_BLUE, "Here is some cash.")
	end
end
```
**[LUA METATABLE LISTS](http://pastebin.com/UPKLCSsi)**

**NOTE:**
Since the link above dosen't have all the functions in it, I will link to a compat.lua file(can be found in your ot aswell, dir/data/compat.lua), use ctrl+f and enter the old function then press enter. 

[compat.lua](https://github.com/PrinterLUA/FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS/blob/master/data/compat.lua)

Actual map (with marked missing areas):
![minimap_floor](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6708725/2932230/7519de00-d7ad-11e3-8cad-fe610b7912f9.png)

**Remember to have fun and say thanks!**

Commit message:

- Fixed hoist chest UID 3028 > 3058 - Added Pig NPC to the map, still misses scripts #701 - Added attacks, voices and imunities to Madareth #700 (missing Sharpshooter Smoke Wave) - Made Pythius The Rotten into Pythius The RottenNPC and changed its location - Added default creatures.xml to readme (feel free to make my description better) fixes #697
Former-commit-id: 99065b777a2ea246c58a33ec27d53b995991443e

README.md, after:

FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS
====================
**Client Version: 10.37**

Try to make the perfect open real tibia server based on The Forgotten Server 1.0, by Mark Samman!
[Here](https://github.com/otland/forgottenserver) you can find the source code and also some tutorials on compiling.

You can download TFS 1.0 Windows Binaries from [here](http://nightlies.otland.net).

To login you can use OTClient by Edubart! Find it [here](https://github.com/edubart/otclient)!

To edit the map you can use the map editor from [here](https://github.com/hjnilsson/rme), [here](https://github.com/decltype/forgottenmapeditor) or from [here](http://otland.net/threads/10-35-remeres-map-editor.211040/)(This one is already compiled).

You can use [the forum](http://otland.net/threads/best-released-real-map-10-31-based-1-0.204514/) to discuss and report bugs.

If you need support you can post your questions in the issues area or [here](http://otland.net/forums/support.16/). Dont forget to post in good, understandable English. Feel free to use a [translator](http://translate.google.com/) if you need help.

To contribute in code to this project, [create a pull request](http://otland.net/threads/contributing-to-someones-repository-create-a-pull-request-on-github.210627/).

**If you want to edit the map, here some rules to report your status:**
- Report your status here [Map Edit Status](https://github.com/PrinterLUA/FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS/issues/447).
- Post a Checkbox |- [X] Working now on map| which you can click when you want work on it.
- Check if another user already has an X in his controllbox.
- If nobody has one, you can check your box and start editing the map.
- Use the following [creatures.xml](http://pastebin.com/sBKqsULi) in your RME in order to avoid conflicts
- It should be placed into "C:\Users\'YOUR USER NAME'\AppData\Roaming\Remere's Map Editor\data\1035" in Windows 7
- If you finish your map edit, create a pull request with changelog(coords with changes) and uncheck your box.

**If you want to contribute by sending pull request, here are some tips.
Try to use metatables in your script. Ex.**
```lua
function metaExample(cid)
	local player = Player(cid)
	if player ~= nil then
		player:addItem(2160, 5)
		player:sendTextMessage(MESSAGE_STATUS_CONSOLE_BLUE, "Here is some cash.")
	end
end
```
**How non meta looks like:**
```lua
function nonMetaExample(cid)
	if isPlayer(cid) then
		doPlayerAddItem(cid, 2160, 5)
		doPlayerSendTextMessage(cid, MESSAGE_STATUS_CONSOLE_BLUE, "Here is some cash.")
	end
end
```
**[LUA METATABLE LISTS](http://pastebin.com/UPKLCSsi)**

**NOTE:**
Since the link above dosen't have all the functions in it, I will link to a compat.lua file(can be found in your ot aswell, dir/data/compat.lua), use ctrl+f and enter the old function then press enter. 

[compat.lua](https://github.com/PrinterLUA/FORGOTTENSERVER-ORTS/blob/master/data/compat.lua)

Actual map (with marked missing areas):
![minimap_floor](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6708725/2932230/7519de00-d7ad-11e3-8cad-fe610b7912f9.png)

**Remember to have fun and say thanks!**
